chore: Rename non dev to computer controller (#788)
block/goose: documentation/docs/getting-started/using-extensions.md

Here are the built-in extensions:

1. **Developer**: provides a set of general development tools that are useful for software development.

> 2. **Computer Controller**: provides general computer control tools that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Computer Controller**: provides general computer control tools for webscraping, file caching, and automations.
```
